Revise BBS documentation to mention webhooks and give clearer instructions (#8791)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/integration/bitbucket_server.md

Site admins can [configure Sourcegraph to respect Bitbucket Server's repository access permissions](../admin/external_service/bitbucket_server.md#repository-permissions).

## Sourcegraph Bitbucket Server Plugin

> We recommend installing the [Sourcegraph Bitbucket Server plugin](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin/tree/master) so user doesn't need to install and configure the browser extension to get code intelligence when browsing code or reviewing pull requests on Bitbucket Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend installing the [Sourcegraph Bitbucket Server plugin](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin/tree/master) so users don't need to install and configure the browser extension to get code intelligence when browsing code or reviewing pull requests on Bitbucket Server.
```

The plugin also enables **faster ACL permission syncing between Sourcegraph and Bitbucket Server** and adds **webhooks to Bitbucket Server**, which are used by and highly recommended for [Campaigns](../user/campaigns.md).

![Bitbucket Server code intelligence](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/bitbucket-code-intel-pr-short.gif)

### Installation and requirements

See the [bitbucket-server-plugin](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin) repository for instructions on how to install the plugin on your Bitbucket Server instance.

For the Bitbucket Server plugin to then communicate with the Sourcegraph instance, the Sourcegraph site configuration must be updated to include the [`corsOrigin` property](../admin/config/site_config.md) with the Bitbucket Server URL

```json
{
  // ...

>   "corsOrigin":"https://my-bitbucket.example.com"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "corsOrigin": "https://my-bitbucket.example.com"
```
